Fix #268: New Rule: No Specs (#271)
inaka/elvis_core: doc_rules/elvis_style/no_specs.md

# No Specs

(since [2.1.0](https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/releases/tag/2.1.0))

Avoid `-spec` attributes.

> This rule is meant to be used on header files only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This rule is meant to be used in header files only.
```

> Defining specs in public header files (especially those intended for inclusion via `-include_lib(...)`)

Reviewer: I prefer the term "typespec" instead of just "spec" but I'm not sure there's a set "rule"/"recommendation" for this.

Author: To me, _typespec_ refers to the `-type` spec ;)

Author: _Specification for functions_ seems to be the _official term_ :tm:
https://www.erlang.org/doc/reference_manual/typespec.html#specifications-for-functions

Author: But… we already used the word "spec" here: https://github.com/inaka/elvis_core/blob/main/doc_rules/elvis_style/no_spec_with_records.md

> might lead to spec clashes between projects and even modules of a single big project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
might lead to spec clashes between projects and even a single big project's modules.
```
